SAP’s Purpose

In an ever-changing environment, our purpose as a company remains steadfast: Help the world run better and improve people’s lives.

When our customers aspire to clean the ocean, transform industries, or redefine the future of work, SAP stands alongside with technology and applications that are not just innovative, but also deeply integrated with AI, and we empower our customers to turn these visions into reality.
Presenting SAP’s Vision 2024

While our purpose remains unchanged, our vision has evolved and brings our customers even more into the center of it all. As we move into 2024, our vision is: "to bring out the best in every business". The "best" means three clear commitments to our customers.

We will make sure that organizations:

Reach agility at scale through business transformation and continuous innovation. This allows our customers to confidently navigate dynamic markets with purpose-built innovations designed for quick implementation, swift scaling and rapid response.
Achieve more across their value chains through a scalable business ecosystem. This allows our customers to harness intelligence across internal systems and external partnerships to optimize performance across their value chains
Drive sustainability at their core by transforming their operations with accurate and actionable sustainability management
At SAP, we are more than just a technology provider; we are engineers of progress. In a world where technology and business are increasingly intertwined, we have the unique ability and position to help companies maximize performance and positive impact on the world. Every day we help companies bring out their very best.
SAP's Goal

Over the last 50+ years we have had successes but we don't want to stop there.

Going forward SAP's goal is to be the #1 enterprise application and business AI company powered by our leading platform.

That means we aim to be:

#1 in market share
#1 in customer satisfaction
#1 in customer lifetime value
#1 in portfolio adoption
The path to achieving our goals lies in the success of our cloud transformation. To do this, we must effectively communicate the value and competitive edge our cloud solutions offer to our customers and partners.
Observing SAP's Vision in Action

Agility at Scale
Business agility is crucial for staying competitive in today's fast-paced environment. With macro-economic conditions such as inflation, the talent shortages, and the proliferation of AI, businesses see an even greater need to transform faster.

Our offerings, including SAP cloud ERP solutions and SAP Business AI technology, are designed to digitize and automate processes and provide real-time data insights and innovations that help organizations quickly adapt and scale in response to market changes, allowing for easy pivoting to new strategies or unforeseen market events.

With our heritage in core ERP and our knowledge on end-to-end business processes, we are uniquely positioned to enable unprecedented agility for our customer by enabling their transformation to the cloud. It is a journey, and our north star to guide customers is RISE with SAP and GROW with SAP. These represent holistic end-to-end business transformation, which is our key differentiator, and follow a three-step transformation journey:

The journey starts with business process redesign with the help of SAP Signavio.
Afterwards the technical cloud migration towards a clean core on top of SAP Business Technology Platform (SAP BTP).
Finally, we make sure the innovation journey never stops—leveraging industry cloud, business network, sustainability cloud, etc., to allow our customers to truly differentiate in their industry.
And the figures prove us right. With more than 4,400 RISE with SAP customers after roughly 3 years, we can say this offering is a blockbuster success.
Sustainability at the Core
Sustainability is the biggest challenge of our generation, but we finally see a turning point in many economies. At SAP, our customers are the largest enterprises in the world, so they naturally have the largest sustainability footprint, which is a challenge and opportunity at the same time.

Therefore, our vision is to transform our customers’ operations with next-generation solutions that drive more accurate and actionable sustainability management across their entire enterprise.

From our customers we hear about many challenges, but shifting from sustainability aspirations to sustainable actions is one of the biggest. The starting point is to have visibility into their sustainability data to make informed decisions. To provide accurate and complete environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data, companies need to take a three-step sustainability transformation journey:

To record ESG data based on actuals, not averages
To report audit-ready ESG metrics
To act by embedding sustainability across all their business processes, value chains, and business model.